#1565 fix: additional links (#1651)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06h-Testing-Platform-Interaction.md

Verify if a JavaScript to native bridge exists by searching for `WKScriptMessageHandler` and check all exposed methods. Then verify how the methods are called.

> The following example from ["W0x06h-testing-platform-interactionhere's My Browser?"](https://github.com/authenticationfailure/WheresMyBrowser.iOS/blob/b8d4abda4000aa509c7a5de79e5c90360d1d0849/WheresMyBrowser/WKWebViewPreferencesManager.swift#L98 "Where\'s My Browser? WKWebViewPreferencesManager.swift Line 98") demonstrates this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example from ["Where's My Browser?"](https://github.com/authenticationfailure/WheresMyBrowser.iOS/blob/b8d4abda4000aa509c7a5de79e5c90360d1d0849/WheresMyBrowser/WKWebViewPreferencesManager.swift#L98 "Where\'s My Browser? WKWebViewPreferencesManager.swift Line 98") demonstrates this.
```
